Add interactive library explorer (#1138)
UniMath/agda-unimath: VISUALIZATION.md

Reviewer: Since the interactive explorer tends to require a bit of vertical (and horizontal space) I think it would be helpful if it was easy to enter a full-screen mode. Would it be easy to add some sort of button/link for this that also wouldn't reset the explorer? This is of course a non-blocking feature request.

Author: At least for now the underlying explorer doesn't support any resizing. Its dimensions are fixed at 1000x600px, and I set the size of the iframe to match, so this would need to be changed in the explorer.

Reviewer 2: The 1000x600px was arbitrary. Would it be better if the dimensions were dynamic?

Reviewer: That would be great!

Reviewer 2: The update is deployed. The visualization should now be 100% width/height of (i)frame.

Author: @JobPetrovcic could you roll it back? Making the size dynamic needs more thought to get working properly across browsers and operating systems (i.e. the current implementation shows scrollbars which move just a little bit and obscure the control elements, and the size doesn't change when resizing the window).

It's okay if you don't have time to fix it now, but let's not rush new changes.

> # Visualization of definitions in the library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Interactive explorer of library
```

Author: Is the deletion of 'the' intentional? How does "Interactive explorer of the library contents" sound?

Reviewer: I'm okay with `Interactive explorer of the library` but I don't see how "contents" add anything other than more words, which I don't see as a benefit in headers.

> Below you may find an interactive explorer of modules and definitions in
> agda-unimath, including search and checking if one definition depends on
> another. Hover over the information icon for detailed usage instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an interactive explorer of modules and definitions in agda-unimath that
allows you to determine dependencies between individual definitions. Hover over
ⓘ for detailed usage instructions.
```

Author: Your phrasing gives the impression that checking dependencies is the primary feature of the explorer, which it is not. It is a great feature to be sure, but the original motivation that we decided to stick with was analyzing graph properties of the dependency graph. That's why checking advanced options gives you all the graph properties on hover.

But I see that I forgot to write it in the prose. What do you think about:
"""
Below is an interactive explorer of modules and definitions in agda-unimath. It displays various properties of the nodes in the dependency graph. It also allows you to determine dependencies between individual definitions. Hover over
ⓘ for detailed usage instructions.
"""

Reviewer: I raise you the following :)
```suggestion
Below is an interactive explorer of modules and definitions in agda-unimath. It displays various properties of the nodes in the dependency graph, and also allows you to determine dependencies between individual definitions. Hover over
ⓘ for detailed usage instructions.
```

<div id="small-display-notice" style="display:none">
  ⚠ The explorer is not optimized for small screens. It may be
  difficult to control on mobile devices.
</div>

<style>
  .sidetoc { display: none; }
  @media(max-width:1100px) {
    #small-display-notice { display: block; }
  }
</style>

<div align="center">
  <iframe
    src="https://jobpetrovcic.github.io/Unimath-Visualization-Deployment/visualize"
    style="background: white"
    scrolling="no"
    width="1000"
    height="600"
    referrerpolicy="no-referrer">
  </iframe>
</div>

> The interactive explorer was developed by Job Petrovčič. Vojtěch Štěpančík,
> Matej Petković, and Andrej Bauer contributed invaluable suggestions and offered
> helpful support. It's built and deployed outside of the agda-unimath repository,
> using a fork of Agda. For that reason the definitions in the graph may lag
> behind the definitions on the website by a few hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The interactive explorer was developed by Job Petrovčič. In addition, Vojtěch
Štěpančík, Matej Petković, and Andrej Bauer contributed invaluable suggestions
and offered helpful support.

### Notes

The explorer is built and deployed outside of the agda-unimath repository, using
a fork of Agda. For that reason the definitions in the graph may lag behind the
definitions on the website by a few hours.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The interactive explorer was developed by Job Petrovčič. In addition, Vojtěch
Štěpančík, Matej Petković, and Andrej Bauer contributed invaluable suggestions
and offered helpful support.

### Notes

The explorer is built and deployed outside of the agda-unimath repository, using
a fork of Agda. For that reason the definitions in the graph may lag behind the
definitions on the website by a few hours.
```

The explorer has a few known limitations. Most noticeably it doesn't recognize
the `open import ... renaming (X to Y) public` pattern of exporting definitions,
so in particular the
[`foundation.universe-levels`](foundation.universe-levels.md) module is not
shown, and references to `UU` in the source code show up as references to
`Agda.Primitive.Set`. Note that one of the consequences is that two `Prop`s

> appear in the search results --- the first one being `Agda.Primitive.Prop`,

Reviewer: The triple dash is rendered as a triple dash.

```suggestion
appear in the search results — the first one being `Agda.Primitive.Prop`,
```

Reviewer: Ohhh, I was confused by why it wasn't rendering as it should 😅

Yes, it is okay

> which is Agda's

Reviewer: The triple dash is rendered as a triple dash

```suggestion
appear in the search results — the first one being `Agda.Primitive.Prop`,
```

> # Visualization of definitions in the library
> 
> Below you may find an interactive explorer of modules and definitions in
> agda-unimath, including search and checking if one definition depends on
> another. Hover over the information icon for detailed usage instructions.
> 
> <div id="small-display-notice" style="display:none">
>   ⚠ The explorer is not optimized for small screens. It may be
>   difficult to control on mobile devices.
> </div>
> 
> <style>
>   .sidetoc { display: none; }
>   @media(max-width:1100px) {
>     #small-display-notice { display: block; }
>   }
> </style>
> 
> <div align="center">
>   <iframe
>     src="https://jobpetrovcic.github.io/Unimath-Visualization-Deployment/visualize"
>     style="background: white"
>     scrolling="no"
>     width="1000"
>     height="600"
>     referrerpolicy="no-referrer">
>   </iframe>
> </div>
> 
> The interactive explorer was developed by Job Petrovčič. Vojtěch Štěpančík,
> Matej Petković, and Andrej Bauer contributed invaluable suggestions and offered
> helpful support. It's built and deployed outside of the agda-unimath repository,
> using a fork of Agda. For that reason the definitions in the graph may lag
> behind the definitions on the website by a few hours.
> 
> The explorer has a few known limitations. Most noticeably it doesn't recognize
> the `open import ... renaming (X to Y) public` pattern of exporting definitions,
> so in particular the
> [`foundation.universe-levels`](foundation.universe-levels.md) module is not
> shown, and references to `UU` in the source code show up as references to
> `Agda.Primitive.Set`. Note that one of the consequences is that two `Prop`s
> appear in the search results --- the first one being `Agda.Primitive.Prop`,
> which is Agda's
> [proof-irrelevant sort](https://agda.readthedocs.io/en/latest/language/prop.html)
> and isn't used anywhere in the library, and the second being agda-unimath's
> [`foundation-core.propositions.Prop`](foundation-core.propositions.md), which is
> the type of homotopy propositions.

Reviewer: The following comprises a few suggestions for improved flow in this document

```suggestion
# Interactive explorer of library

Below is an interactive explorer of modules and definitions in agda-unimath that
allows you to determine dependencies between individual definitions. Hover over
ⓘ for detailed usage instructions.

<div id="small-display-notice" style="display:none">
  ⚠ The explorer is not optimized for small screens. It may be
  difficult to control on mobile devices.
</div>

<style>
  .sidetoc { display: none; }
  @media(max-width:1100px) {
    #small-display-notice { display: block; }
  }
</style>

<div align="center">
  <iframe
    src="https://jobpetrovcic.github.io/Unimath-Visualization-Deployment/visualize"
    style="background: white"
    scrolling="no"
    width="1000"
    height="600"
    referrerpolicy="no-referrer">
  </iframe>
</div>

The interactive explorer was developed by Job Petrovčič. In addition, Vojtěch
Štěpančík, Matej Petković, and Andrej Bauer contributed invaluable suggestions
and offered helpful support.

### Notes

The interactive explorer is built and deployed outside of the agda-unimath
repository, using a fork of Agda. For that reason the definitions in the graph
may lag behind the definitions on the website by a few hours.

In addition, the explorer has a few known limitations. Most noticeably it does
not recognize the `open import ... renaming (X to Y) public` pattern of
exporting definitions, so in particular the
[`foundation.universe-levels`](foundation.universe-levels.md) module is not
shown, and references to `UU` in the source code show up as references to
`Agda.Primitive.Set`. Note that one of the consequences is that two `Prop`s
appear in the search results — the first one being `Agda.Primitive.Prop`, which
is Agda's
[proof-irrelevant sort](https://agda.readthedocs.io/en/latest/language/prop.html)
and isn't used anywhere in the library, and the second being agda-unimath's
[`foundation-core.propositions.Prop`](foundation-core.propositions.md), which is
the type of homotopy propositions.
```

Reviewer: Sorry, this is impossible to compare to the original. Let me try and split the suggestion up instead
